README.md, before:

# Bootstrap-Portfolio
A portfolio Website
This project was to improve and iterate on my previous portfolio website using Bootstrap. The previous site made use of CSS flexbox. I aimed to keep the functionality of the previous site but I did not want to make some changes to the appearance. The site is to be fully responsive. 

# Challenges

I was attempting to build upon a website that I had already built, but by using different tools. The main challenges were learning about what bootstrap offers and how I can incorporate this into my site.

# What I learned

I learned a lot about bootstrap and its components. I learned about how responsiveness works in Bootstrap. Using a custom CSS while also using Bootstraps predefined stuff. I also imported a font from Google Fonts into my site. 

Here are some screenshots of the application. They show what the site looks like at different breakpoints.
![Web capture_6-11-2022_193916_127 0 0 1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/109035827/200191449-09ab1901-9a41-4a7b-a979-e2a59cc823fe.jpeg)

![Web capture_6-11-2022_193839_127 0 0 1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/109035827/200191479-55415e63-0899-4faa-9ad9-57ac46df840e.jpeg)



# Contact

If you have any questions, please contact me at: 
 
  Github Profile: [MOMatthewOsborne ](https://github.com/MOMatthewOsborne )  

  Email:  [Email Address](momatthewosborne1@gmail.com)

  LinkedIn: [Matthew Osborne](https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-osborne-ba9192247  )

Commit message:

added link and updated images in README

README.md, after:

# Bootstrap-Portfolio
A portfolio Website
This project was to improve and iterate on my previous portfolio website using Bootstrap. The previous site made use of CSS flexbox. I aimed to keep the functionality of the previous site but I did not want to make some changes to the appearance. The site is to be fully responsive. 

# Challenges

I was attempting to build upon a website that I had already built, but by using different tools. The main challenges were learning about what bootstrap offers and how I can incorporate this into my site.

# What I learned

I learned a lot about bootstrap and its components. I learned about how responsiveness works in Bootstrap. Using a custom CSS while also using Bootstraps predefined stuff. I also imported a font from Google Fonts into my site. 

Here are some screenshots of the application. They show what the site looks like at different breakpoints.
![Web capture_6-11-2022_202037_127 0 0 1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/109035827/200193248-98a0ecfa-46ab-4367-b027-46d95b53eb74.jpeg)
![Web capture_6-11-2022_20212_127 0 0 1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/109035827/200193270-510f8fe3-b4ee-4020-bbcb-b43f5458a278.jpeg)

![Web capture_6-11-2022_202134_127 0 0 1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/109035827/200193282-c32a636b-d385-4b9b-8289-4713df00e7ae.jpeg)

Here is a link to the deployed application. [Link](https://momatthewosborne.github.io/Bootstrap-Portfolio/)



# Contact

If you have any questions, please contact me at: 
 
  Github Profile: [MOMatthewOsborne ](https://github.com/MOMatthewOsborne )  

  Email:  [Email Address](momatthewosborne1@gmail.com)

  LinkedIn: [Matthew Osborne](https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-osborne-ba9192247  )
